add arg_tuple_expr (#17)
invenia/ExprTools.jl: README.md

 - `splitdef` works on a function definition expression and returns a `Dict` of its parts.
 - `combinedef` takes a `Dict` from `splitdef` and builds it into an expression.
 - `signature` works on a `Method` returning a similar `Dict` that holds the parts of the expressions that would form its signature.

>  - `args_tuple_expr` applies to a `Dict` from `splitdef` or `signature` to generate a expression for a tuple of it's arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `args_tuple_expr` applies to a `Dict` from `splitdef` or `signature` to generate an expression for a tuple of its arguments.
```

  :head        => :function
  :whereparams => Any[:T]

julia> def[:name] = :g;

julia> def[:head] = :(=);

julia> args_tuple_expr(def)
:((x, y))

> julia> def[:body] = :(*($(args_tuple_expr(def))...));

Reviewer: is this right?

Author: why wouldn't it be.
The next line looks right to me.
